h1. About

This is a small module providing some functionality to validate and prepare OPUS3.2 Databases for OPUS4.x migration. 

The Tool replaces a lot non-UTF-8 Codings by using the GNU command line tool sed http://www.gnu.org/software/sed/. 
The Replacements can be configured and enhanced within several files with replacement expressions.

The Tool additionally parses the XML-Dump with some xslt files, to prevent problems prior to the migration run. 
The output from the parser run shows what objects or tables have to be corrected in front of the migration

h1. Installation

copy the folder preMigrationTool with all subfolders and files into your OPUS4 Instance directory (e.g. /var/local/opus) 

h1. Usage

# place the XML-Dump into the OPUS4-Instance (e.g. migration/opus32_dump.xml)
# run via shell
<code>
preMigrationTool/bin/preparemigration.sh relativePathToDump/DumpFile
</code>
# use output to prepare XML-File for Migration

Example-Output:

<code>
STEP 1: Processing replacements to create valide xml </ br>
- Process replacement file: 5_replacement_ligaturen.txt </ br>
- Process replacement file: 1_replacement_eszett.txt </ br>
- Process replacement file: 4_replacement_latex.txt </ br>
- Process replacement file: 2_replacement_umlaute.txt </ br>
- Process replacement file: 3_replacement_satzzeichen.txt </ br>
Finished replacements for valide xml </ br>
 </ br>
STEP 2: Validate xml file </ br>
Finished validation </ br>
STEP 3: Check consistency of xml file </ br>
- Found the following lines need to be modified or skipped for consistency: </ br>
Opus3-Id:10 - Both have ger </ br>
Finished consistency check </ br>
</code>

In case of that, you have to find the object with ID 10 and replace one of the @ger@ either in description_language or description2_language. Otherwise the Solr-Indexing will fail.
For more detailed information see https://www.kobv.de/entwicklung/software/opus-4/dokumentation/


h1. Releases

Current Version is 0.9


h1. License

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html General Public License
Copyright 2015 Hochschulbibliotehkszentrum des Landes Nordrhein-Westfalen
